Add ssl prefer to remaining redshift areas, increase timeout (maybe) (#4981)
ethyca/fides: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed and optimized Database Icon SVGs used in Datamap [#4969](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/4969)
- Fixed "add" icons on some buttons being wrong size [#4975](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/4975)
- Masked "Keyfile credentials" input on integration config form [#4971](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/4971)

> - Handles further ssl needs for Generating Datasets from Redshift [#4981](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/4981)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed intermittent connection issues with Redshift by increasing timeout and preferring SSL in test connections [#4981](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/4981)
```
